okay we have some very very critical issues:

1) this is the main issue. all the coding agaents that tried to fix this has failed. but i think you can do
it(flattery takes you everywhere lol), so the issue is, user uses our app right -> but after few mintues of use 
our app starts to become laggy.

2)essentials page -> currently its very dangerous and not works good. like some of the scripts work on some pc but not on others. and 
somje of the scripts cause issue. like they stop smtg and not start it again. and some of the scripts
are very bad at what they do. so i want production level reowrk on all the scripts. i want you to use
the best method exist. the only script that is good is rampurge.

3) install hub page scripts also maintainance page. are soo cooked. its soo complexed its actually insane.
the files are soo large and bad. so use temp scripts to breake them down and fix it. -> like this needs massive rework.

4)processes page also is not good at what it does. its now workinmg properly. lot of issues. only stops like 4 
processes.

5)startup page also doesnot work well -> like it stops processes from start -> okay right -> but this causes massive issues
i guess the processes will ahve some helper? and that helper files -> singe main process is not running on startup
-> causes machine to breakdown. i dunno for sure. also this page also doesnt work that well.

6)performance lab page is like kinda decent. but here also the scripts and restore are not that good.
very bad. restore pressing -> should show popup -> user selects what point to restore. -> kinda like
registeroptimize.

7)pathpilot -> this page kinda works. -> the main issues is for changing the path it takes very long time.
and on some machines the runtimes doesnt even load.

8)registeropttimiz3er -> it seems like it works. but im pretty sure this also have very many issues.

9)reset rescue -> i dunno why this exist lol. -> do smth and make it useful.

10)deepscan -. this page is honestly good. but we can improve speed. -> and im also sure this page also has 
lot of issues in backend.

11)cleanup page -> this page also works -> the main isues is this page haqs phases and most of the pases are
very laggy and blurry. -> and here also the backend is very complexed. -> and im pretty sure has lot of bugs.